When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: Create, type, save, close, find.
Staff will say it once, You repeats or points to prompt cards.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Open Word, type a note, save it in Documents, close Word, then reopen the file.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type a short note.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: Use words, pointing or yes/no choices.
Staff notes barriers and the next support step.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.